Project 17 daily report (15 & 16 & 17 june 2020) Aniket Nayak

This week devoted towards the physical implementation of the cycle bot controlling and 
balancing. The physical structure is finished and wwe are moving towards the software
part and code to control and balance the cycle bot.

In these three days, i worked on the MPU6050 to get the angle and fuse both the 
accelerometer and gyroscope to get the correct angle at proper rate. so that, the 
reaction wheel rotate at correct time to balance it.

First, i learned how to get the angle from accelerometer using wire.h I2C library,
by reading and writing the correct register values to set the sensitivity of the
sensor and to get the Raw data. now, to get the correct angle from the raw data, first
we have to divide the data with sensitivity. It will give u acceleration at three axis.
Now, apply trignometry to get the angle correct.

Make sure to use atan2 function to find angle because it will make sure that the angle
is between -pie to pie. Otherwise the angle will counting and counting to give not 
appropriate result.

Second, now, to get the angle from gyroscope, all the process for the gyro is same as of
accelerometer, but it will give you angular velocity not angle. To get the angle we have 
to integerate it. Then we get the value of angle from that also.

Third, sensor fusion using complimentory filter, it is nothing but multiplying the 
angle of both the sensors with appropriate alfha gain and add them. Make sure that
the sum of both gain should one.

But the another problem we faced is that the bias error i.e if the senor is its intial
or given zero rotation all the values are not zero, there is some error. So, we will 
collected some angle value for some time and take the average of it and subtract it with
the angle once in void setup.

Another problem we faced is that, accelerometer is very good for the short time span and
gyroscope is very good for long time span. But the noise is very high in case of accell.
If we gave large weight to accelerometer it cause noise. And if we gave much weight to 
gyro it will make our system slow and give the data very late. This is exactly happens.
Tuning the alfha gain is very critical at performance.

Now, it is tunned and give data at right time and much closer to the right value of angle.
But, still our cycle is not balnced we are working on it. Tunning is really taking time.
