Project 17 daily_report(21-05-2020)Aniket Nayak

Today, our day starts with mentoring session. 
In which mentor guides us to how to select the correct problem statement which should cover 
maximun number of topics. 

then, we have our team meeting regarding this, we discuss some problem statement
ans start eorking on it.

Problem statement(1) and task:-

Derive the differential equation and transfer function for spring mass damper system and plot poles and zeroes of it, state about stability from that.
Relate time domain analysis with position of poles  with diffrent damping factor and spring constant. Use  sci-lab and Xcos for graphical analysis.
And compare those results with experimental setup in vrep simulation and state your conclusion about damping with respect to position of poles in s plane.

Topics covered:-

1. Concepts of transfer function and  find poles and zeros.
2. Model the system in scilab using xcos for time domain characteristics.
3. Plot poles and zeros in complex s-plane representation to check the stability of the system.
4. Observe the system behaviour for unit-step and impulse inputs in time domain.
5. Scilab and xcos for graphical repersentation.
6. Change damping factor and show effects of pole position in xcos and vrep both.
7. Simulation in V-rep and ploting graph for time domain characteristics of the system.


Problem statement(2) and topic covered:-

Derive the differential equation and transfer function for a vertical motion of a  drone.
Through the transfer function plot its  poles-zeros on s-plane graph, and state about its stability.
And study about time domain characteristic for unit-step inputs.
Design a controller to make drone reach and stable at one position height.
Use the sci-lab and x-cos for graphical analysis.


Topics covered:-
1. Concept of transfer function
2. Understanding poles and zeroes and the stability criteria
3. Pole placement and PID controller designing
4. Time domain characteristics
5. Simulation in scilab


then, I helped in making of presentation for the team.
