#project_17 daily report( 10 & 11-05-2020)

At starting, i gone through alot of reaserch papers to found relevant data, 
then, i found some relevant reserch papers that i shared in the group
earlier.

then, i learned how the cycle bot works with the use of reaction wheel and the working 
principle behind is same as inverted pendulum i.e  The angular momentum is conserved as
long as there is no external torque applies to the system. The reaction wheel balances
the system using reaction rotations.

for one-axis we need only one rection wheel as it create reactional rotations in one 
side(clockwise or anti-c). we set the desired angle to 0, through IMU we get the data
of angle and angular velocity so, through PID controller it can generate approriate 
reactional torque with use of rection wheel.

To find the equations of motion, i reffered reaserch papers through i come to know 
how find it through Lagrange equation also the relation between torque & voltage for 
reaction wheel . a
And through these we can find state space matrixes.

I reffered you tube to scilab tutorials for how we get state space matrix through 
transfer function the link is given below:-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zcIFm7IbEmY&list=PL5Q4xJ4bbfxXnC_SFgpcHlRjWh2Rj9opj&index=6

then, i try to model spring mass damper system in Xcos scilab:-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QOxdlnyCUZM&list=PL5Q4xJ4bbfxXnC_SFgpcHlRjWh2Rj9opj&index=3

Then, my team assign me the task to design cycle bot with reaction wheel in V-rep: I designed 
the cycle bot and the file is shared in the group. 

Mentoring session:

1.In mentoring session we discuss how the centre of mass will effect our system, my designed 
cycle bot ha very low centre of mass.

2. Our mentor, use the example of sea-saw to figure out how the centre of mass system effect 
the system. In which he places the two object of equal mass one close to pivoted point and
one is away from it. As, the closer object has small perpendicular distt, it needed less force
to stabalize and as Perpendicular distt increases the force required to stablize it required 
more force with more rapidness. This point we have to consder in our project designing.

3.Another plus point if the COM of the cycle is higher is that we get a minor better reacting 
time. 

4.then, he assigned a task first to model, simmulate and design simple inverted pendulum with
reaction wheel.
