Weekly Report (week 1) Aniket Nayak team b
 
Throughout the week, i learned alot of things.
At the starting of the week, i gone through alot of reaserch papers and clear my doubts 
about all the conceptual and theoretical portions. 

like, how the project works and its work-flow, then i start some practise in v-rep 
simulation software to physically model my design.But i have to consider all the factors
which should effect my model in performance.

Then, I learned how the physical parameters like length, centre of mass and other thing
which would effect my model.

then, mentor assigned to design and balance the simple inverted pendulum with reaction wheel
(revolute joint at bottom). We faced alot of problems in this task as we all are new to
the v-rep simulation software our model works but not works precisely as the oscillations
in our is very high and the continous error comes in between the desired angle and angle
of the pendulum.

Then, we solved this problem, after we come to know that for joint controlling there is a 
special fuction in the vrep which returns two values(velocity and torque).This functions our 
problem.

Mentor, assigned new task in which we have to change few things in our model like we have
to eliminate the joint motor and used v shape structure in place of it. 
After, completing first task we don't face much problem in completing this task.

but, we are bit late, Then we have to complete our main model and balance cycle bot model.
And also controls the speed of it and left right motion.

This task, is also completed now, but we face problem not in designing or balancing but when
the bot changes its angle 90 degree it changes its axis of rotation.So, the system not behaving
properly at this particular portion because we are using world frame as a reference.

Now, this problem is solved using fusion of accelerometer and gyroscope data and as main thing 
for angle calculation.

Contribution in tasks:
1. designed all the three models(modigication is done by all the team member after)
2. Done the coding portion for task 1
3. develops PID alorithm for all the designs
4. design the main cycle bot
5. develop code for controlling the speed of the back motor and left right motion of the cycle
   bot (Control these parameter as a user interface developed using XML code)

All, the 3 task is submitted and updated at git hub.
